---
title:      story
created_at: 2009-11-07 13:51:44.760293 +00:00
filter:
  - erb
  - gfm
---

"Are we even real?" asks Ali, as he knocks on the wall. He proceeds to put his ear against the wall.

"What are you doing?" asks Sunil in return. "Are you looking for a way out? This room has a door, you know."

"Yeah, I know. You haven't answered my question."

"Why wouldn't we be real? What is 'real' anyway?"

"I don't know. We don't have any detailed descriptions, no histories, and I don't see any coming either. This moment is all there is."

"This bothers you? You want detailed descriptions of yourself? Would that make you feel better?"

"No... I mean... well... yeah," an indecisive Ali stumbles through his words, "I think it'd be nice."

"You think that would make us more real?"

"That, amongst other things. How come we barely swear?"

"You know that's bullshit."

"Dude, you practically hesitated before saying 'bullshit'. This is exactly what I'm talking about!!"

"So swearing without hesitation would make us real? Do all real people go around swearing freely?"

"I don't know, man. I don't know. It's not just one thing. You ever notice how our names are so bland? Ali, Sunil, Sam, Harry, Helen... all so bland."

"Yeah, I'll give you that. The names are kinda bland."

"And how come we're both guys, what is up with that?"

The door opens and Michelle walks into the room.

"What's up with what?" asks Michelle.

"Well, at least I was right about the bland names. Hi, Michelle."

"Can you close the door, please?" Sunil started feeling uneasy about the door's positioning.

"Why? An open door lets the air in." argued Michelle.

"If the door's open I feel like I have to worry about the rest of the world. When it's closed I can just *be* in the room."

"Okay, that's just weird. I'll close it if that's how it makes you feel. But the world doesn't go away when you close the door. It just doesn't work that way."

"Michelle, do you feel undescribed and not real?" asked Sunil as Michelle closed the door.

"You know, come to think of it... and I have given thought to this before... there is that and also... there is a feeling where there are all these moving parts, but there is no connecting theme. There's the undescribed past, but also an undirected future. It's like the tenses are all mixed up."

"Yeah, it feels like things just happen at random. Chaotic, even." Ali chimed in, glad to have Michelle's support.

"I don't know what is with you people! What the ..." drops of water start to fall on Sunil's head. He stands up and starts to stare at the roof. "I think the roof is leaking."

"Should we call someone to fix it?" Michelle and Ali suggested simultaneously.

"Ummm... no. Pass me the duct tape, it's by the window sill."

"This doesn't seem like a permanent solution." said Michelle, in a highly judging fashion.

"Not a lot of things that are." said Sunil as he climbed a top a chair to tape the leaking area. "That'll keep it at bay for a bit."

"Okay, that, my friend, doesn't even seem like a solution at all."

"Yeah, I'm going to get someone to fix it up. I am not an idiot!"

"We have plenty of evidence that, in the court of law, would prove otherwise." Ali didn't want to miss the opportunity to get a shot in. Michelle nodded along in tune.

"Very funny guys. Well done."

"We're so conversational." noticed Michelle.

<code>
<ul class="screenbox">
<li class="character">ALI</li>

<li class="dialogue">Yeah, I think the exposition is better suited to the play or screenplay format.</li>

<li class="character">MICHELLE</li>
<li class="parenthetical">(nods)</li>

<li class="dialogue">This way you don't have to juggle around with 'he said' and 'she says'. The dialogue is the conversation.</li>

<li class="character">SUNIL</li>

<li class="dialogue">So are you more comfortable like this? Are we feeling more real?</li>

<li class="character">ALI</li>

<li class="dialogue">I think so... maybe... just a little.</li>

<li class="character">SUNIL</li>

<li class="dialogue">And now you feel more you?</li>

<li class="character">MICHELLE</li>

<li class="dialogue">I'd still like some sort of a description.</li>

<li class="character">ALI</li>

<li class="dialogue">I think we're still missing something. A certain sense of rawness and grit. Hmmm... there's a lack of intimacy. There's never any sex.</li>

<li class="character">MICHELLE</li>
<li class="parenthetical">(looks at both the guys)</li>

<li class="dialogue">And there won't be any now either.</li>

<li class="action">Sunil bursts into laughter.</li>
<li class="character">SUNIL</li>
<li class="dialogue">Wait, where are we going with this?</li>

<li class="character">MICHELLE</li>
<li class="dialogue">Precisely.</li>

<li class="character">ALI</li>
<li class="dialogue">I'm trying to express how empty I feel. Not so much by way of being, but by way of what people see of me.</li>

<li class="character">SUNIL</li>
<li class="dialogue">Hmmm... wow. You're very self-aware. That's a good thing, I suppose.</li>

<li class="character">MICHELLE</li>
<li class="dialogue">Is it?</li>

<li class="character">SUNIL</li>
<li class="dialogue">Well, if you're self-aware you can realize and criticize things about yourself, right? You're in control of what you do, so change yourself and people will see you differently.</li>

<li class="character">MICHELLE</li>
<li class="dialogue">But are we really in control? Don't some of us have life in "auto-pilot"? We're cruising along with the flow, even as we go against our own grain. People go through all their lives in this state, through schools, marriages, children and everything. As if they've resigned to the flow and structures around them.</li>

<li class="character">SUNIL</li>
<li class="dialogue">But that's the whole idea of being self-aware and processing self-criticism. You have to switch out of auto-pilot and back into life. Change and be in control.</li>

<li class="character">ALI</li>
<li class="dialogue">Sure, but to what degree does one change? Is this a "how to make friends and influence people" advice of "take interest in people and they will like you" thing? Shouldn't you be genuine? Shouldn't you be yourself?</li>

<li class="character">SUNIL</li>
<li class="dialogue">Maybe, unless you suck, then you should try and be someone else. (laughs)</li>

<li class="character">ALI</li>
<li class="dialogue">Seriously, though, shouldn't you try and be yourself?</li>

<li class="character">MICHELLE</li>
<li class="dialogue">What if "being yourself" means being slimey and couth? Sunil has a point, shouldn't you try and not be yourself if you can be a better you?</li>

<li class="character">SUNIL</li>
<li class="dialogue">Right, and for that, first you have to recognize yourself and genuinely want to develop and grow.</li>

<li class="character">MICHELLE</li>
<li class="dialogue">Hah, now we're going in circles.</li>

<li class="character">SUNIL</li>
<li class="dialogue">I like circles.</li>




</ul>
</code>

